Revised Notifers with added Subscriptions (#461)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/js-programming/notifiers.md

    a next state. Instead, it causes the Promise to be rejected with the reason, 
    signalling that the monitored object hit an error condition.

The `subscription` and `publication` both have this method:
- `getUpdateSince()`: Returns `{ value, updateCount }`. 
  - Returns the next published value after the previously obtained value.
    `value` represents the state, and the format is up to the publisher.
    `updateCount` requests notification the next time there's a state change.
    If the state becomes final (e.g. a seat exits), `updateCount` will be 
    undefined. If there's an error, the promise for the record is 
    rejected and there isn't a next state.

    If you call `getUpdateSince(oldUpdateCount)` with no count, or any 
    `updateCount` other than the most recent one, the notifier immediately 
    returns a promise for a record with the current state. If you call with 
    the most-recently generated `updateCount`, the notifier returns a promise 
    for the next record, which is resolved on the next state change. If you 
    haven't called `getUpdateSince()` before, you won't have a 
    previous `updateCount` to use.

> ## Notifiers and Subscriptions in Zoe

Reviewer: My review ends at Notifiers and Subscriptions in Zoe. Everything above looks _fantastic_.

Zoe provides updates on the state of seats within a contract. The updates 
from Zoe indicate changes to the allocation of a seat and seats exiting. 
These are available from `E(userSeat).getNotifier()` and `zcfSeat.getNotifier()`, 
which provide long-lived notifier objects associated with a particular 
seat. `zcfSeats` are available within contracts while `userSeats` are accessible 
from the REPL, deploy scripts, and other code outside contracts. There are no 
equivalent `getSubscription()` or `getUpdater()` methods on the
seats.

Zoe's updates for an offer show the current allocation that will be paid if the contract completes without further changes.

Individual contracts can use notifiers and subscriptions to provide updates giving current prices or other contract-specific details.

The following methods use or return notifiers. Click on the name to go to their
full documentation:

> - [`ZCFSeat.getNotifier()](/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.md#zcfseat-object)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ZCFSeat.getNotifier()`](/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.md#zcfseat-object)
```

   - Part of the Zoe Contract Facet API, returns a notifier associated with the seat's allocation. It  provides updates on changing
   allocations for this seat, and tells when the seat has been exited.
- [`UserSeat.getNotifier`](/zoe/api/zoe.md#userseat-object)
  - Part of the Zoe API, returns a notifier associated with the seat. Its updates can be anything the contract wants to publish, such as
     price changes, new currency pools, etc.
- [`purse.getCurrentAmountNotifier()`](/ertp/api/purse.md#purse-getcurrentamountnotifier)
   - Part of the ERTP API, returns a lossy notifier for changes to this purse's balance.
- [`getPursesNotifier`](/guides/wallet/api.md#getpursesnotifier)
   - Part of the Wallet API, it returns a notifier that follows changes in the purses in the Wallet.
- [`getOffersNotifier`](/guides/wallet/api.md#getoffersnotifier)
   - Part of the Wallet API, it returns a notifier that follows changes to the offers received by the Wallet.
- [`makeQuoteNotifier(amountIn,brandOut)`](/repl/priceAuthority.md#makequotenotifier-amountin-brandout)

>    - Part of the PriceAuthority API, notifies the latest PriceQuotes for the given amountIn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Part of the PriceAuthority API, notifies the latest `PriceQuotes` for the given `amountIn`.
```

producing site but any number of consuming sites. The producer is not vulnerable
to the consumers; they cannot cause the kit to malfunction or prevent the code
producing values from making progress. The consumers cannot cause each other  to
hang or miss values. 

For distributed operation, all the iteration values---non-final values,
successful completion value, failure reason---must be `Passable`; values that
can somehow be passed between vats. The rest of this doc assumes all these
values are Passable.  

The `makeNotifierKit()` or `makeSubscriptionKit()` call makes the notifier/updater
or publication/subscription pair on the producer's site. As a result, both the
`iterationObserver` and the initial `asyncIterable` are on the producer's site. If
Producer Paula sends Consumer Bob the `asyncIterable`, Bob receives a possibly
remote reference to it. Producers and their Consumers can be remote from each
other. 

Bob's example code above is still correct if he uses this reference directly, since
`observeIteration` only needs its first argument to be a reference of some sort to
an `AsyncIterable` conveying `Passable` values. This reference may be a local

> `AsyncIterable`, a remote presence of an `AsyncIterabl`e, or a local or remote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AsyncIterable`, a remote presence of an `AsyncIterable`, or a local or remote
```

promise for an `AsyncIterable`. `observeIteration` only sends it eventual messages
using `E()`  and so doesn't care about these differences.  

However, Bob’s code is sub-optimal. Its distributed systems properties are
not terrible, but Bob does better using `getSharableSubscriptionInternals()`

> (provided by `SubscriptionKit`). This lets Bob make a local `AsyncIterabl`e that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(provided by `SubscriptionKit`). This lets Bob make a local `AsyncIterable` that
```

coordinates better with producer Paula's `IterationObserver`.  

Subscriber Alice's above code is less forgiving. She's using JavaScript's
for-await-of loop which requires a local `AsyncIterable`. It cannot handle a
remote reference to an `AsyncIterable` at Paula's site. Alice has to make an

> `AsyncIterabl`e at her site by using `getSharableSubsciptionInternals()`. She can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AsyncIterable` at her site by using `getSharableSubsciptionInternals()`. She can
```

replace her call to `consume(subscription)` with:  
```js
import { makeSubscription } from '@agoric/notifier';

const localSubscription =
  makeSubscription(E(subscription).getSharableSubsciptionInternals());
  consume(localSubscription);
```
The above used a SubscriptionKit. NotifierKits have a similar pair of a
`getSharableNotifierInternals()` method and a `makeNotifier`. However, this
technique requires Alice know what kind of possibly-remote `AsyncIterable`
she has, and to have the required making function code locally available. 

> Alternatively, Alice can generically mirror any possibly remote `AsyncIterabl`e by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Alice can generically mirror any possibly remote `AsyncIterable` by
```

making a new local pair and plugging them together with `observeIteration`. 
```js
const {
  publication: adapterPublication,
  subscription: adapterSubscription
} = makeSubscriptionKit();
observeIteration(subscription, adapterPublication);
consume(adapterSubscription);
```

> This works when subscription is a reference to any `AsyncIterabl`e. If Alice only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works when subscription is a reference to any `AsyncIterable`. If Alice only
```
